structural, wording, and styling changes (#5946)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/index.mdx

## Error Linking

> Currently, errors that happen on the page while a replay is running are linked to the Replay, making it as easy as possible to jump between related issues and replays. However, it is **possible** that the error count reported on the **Replays Details** page does not match the actual errors that have been captured. This is because errors can be lost; for example, a network request fails, or similar. This should not happen to often, but be aware that it is theoretically possible.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, errors that happen on the page while a replay is running are linked to the Replay, making it as easy as possible to jump between related issues and replays. However, it is **possible** that the error count reported on the **Replays Details** page does not match the actual errors that have been captured. This is because errors can be lost; for example, a network request may fail or similar. This shouldn't happen often, but it's theoretically possible.
```
